Cxf soap example 2 13 x (#148)
apache/camel-quarkus-examples: cxf-soap/README.adoc

= Camel Quarkus CXF SOAP example

> :cq-example-description: An example that shows how to use Camel master component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:cq-example-description: An example that shows how to use Camel CXF SOAP component.
```

Author: Thanks for catching it @ppalaga !
